---
Layout:
Title: backEnd
date: 2022-09-06
Categories:
---

# What Happened...

Today I continued with the back end development libraries and more and more detail when it comes to the works of back end and how apps communicate with the sight and other things regarding back end.

- There's also really quite complicated tasks and functions that run in the back end that I am struglling with however, I still want to try and focus some more when it comes to it.

# The Day...

Today was rather I better day than yesterday because it hit me late that this whole time I've been doing front end development ever since starting with The Coding Grounds and right now, these are the actual important lessons that I have to make sure that I learn in the back end libraries.

- I believe that I started off with the complete wrong attitude when it comes to the approach I gave it because if I want to be a full-stack developer, I really do have to understand both the front and the back end.

- There's been so much time that has been consumed, so so much and if I had some more time, I wouldn't mind starting all over again but most of the things have not been easy since starting from the beginning and I think I lost it when this case happened...

1. The initial questions were easy such as changing the version or adding your name with the back end however, freeCodeCamp wouldn't take the custom name that you put there however, for some reason, they would take the name used as an example and so I began there to copy and paste... and for the next 8-9 questions, I kept doing the same thing, to copy and paste forgetting and loosing focus of what I have to actually do, sometimes without reading the question attentively and that is what triggered the lack of focus.

2. I wouldn't blame freeCodeCamp for everything however, perhaps things would have been better if I could put those custom things without getting errors.

# What I Learned...

## Middleware

- Today I stopped where we were learning into more detail about the middleware functions and how the request-response cycle is added with another argument, "next" which serves as a method to call the next function once the initial one's requirements have been met.

# Plan?

I can only carry on from here but with more focus and taking the lessons more seriously otherwise I could be on a long road to the regret-Mania.