---
Layout:
Title: TumiTest2
date: 2022-09-01
Categories:
---

# What Happened...

Today I was going to begin with the projects of data visualization, which happened to confuse me because many of the things that seems required for the tests to be successful required some html and I couldn't understand how it can be done without html.

- So I decided that I should try begin with the back end developments when Tumi, out of nowhere decided to give us an hour 30 minute long react test of which we all had to do different things and our tasks and how we would be tested would all be different.

# The Day...

Today was a good day because I actually aced Tumi's test, according to myself though. 

- But I truly believe that I did well and had to apply my mind and everything that I have been learning since deciding to switch the functional react instead of class component react but will eagerly wait

------------------------------------------------

# What Happened... 

So the above was yesterday's post and unfortunately, the electrical supply was cut off and I couldn't continue with writing the post and I've just decided that I should fuse the posts today.

- Today, I was beginning with the back end development with intentions of seeing the projects of d3 later on, however while I was busy, Tumi gave me a challenging task to do on the test he gave me yesterday, which is something quite challenging however, I am up for that challenge.

# The Day...

Today went well, there's been a lot of thinking about how I should go about completing the task that Tumi has given me.

- Tumi's request is that when the menu is presented, if I manipulate quantity, the value of the price of that item should correspond with the amount that I want, which is the challenge that I will have conquered by this time tomorrow.

# Plan?

After successfully completing Tumi's task, I will be continuing with the back end development libraries of freeCodeCamp.