---
Layout:
Title:  OOPS
date:   2022-03-17
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
After a defeat that I suffered yesterday, I came today with more commitment and focus on making sure that I do my best in winning today's battle in my war with programming and my battle with JavaScript. And so, I came with that mind set and managed to get done the sub topic of Object Oriented Programming done, WITH understanding! A huge victory for us.

# The Day?
The day went well and had more discipline and less breaks and less dosing off work related tasks and overall very progressive and emotionally a positive as well and well handled. A good day overall.

# What Did You Learn?
## Objects
- I thought beyond nested objects and array and changing values and deleting values, that there was nothing beyond that when it comes to objects and this sub topic proved me wrong beyond words.

## Constructors
`function dog(){}`
- `function Dog(){}`
- So between those two functions, the only notable difference is the casing of their names, making one of them an actual function where as the other is a constructor which creates and initiallizes an object instance of a class and how they are worked with is different from the average function.

## DRY
- Don't Repeat Yourself. 
- This is a principle in coding and also safer practice to simplify coding and avoid making more mistakes in cases where the a horrible amount of line in code.
- Which leads me to talking about inheritance in JS.

## Inheritance
- Like our known defintion of inheritance, inheritance in JS is where if you have certain objects and you wish to give them similar values, it would be okay to repeat yourself and write repetitive code, however, its not okay when there more than 5 of those variables, and so, the idea would be to make all those variables, children to a parent variable, of which that parent variable will contain all that the children need. 
- And so, if there had to be a certain change in the code, you no longer have to apply that change 10 times but only once.

## IIFE
- Immediately Invoke Function Expression.
- This when you need your Function to immediately execute as soon as it is declared.

# Plan?
I have to apply the same mindset tomorrow so I can be victorious tomorrow as well and get closer in my journey to understanding this language, and hopefully I complete the following sub topic tomorrow and a bit of the next one as well...