---
Layout:
Title:  back2fcc
date:   2022-03-09
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
Today I continued working with the RSVP because there was outstanding things that I had to do in terms of what was suppose to happen when the submit button on the form is clicked. I also worked a tiny bit on freeCodeCamp ES6 after I was done with the RSVP.

# The Day?
Rainy for the first time since I've been a student here, not hectic as usual because of how I handle myself around the problems that I face on the console and I would also add that it was a busy day.

# What Did You Learn?
## Learning
- There is something I took note of mentally that I wasn't aware  of.
- During high school I made a big mistake when it came to learning the Afrikaans language. I would try and directly translate each and every word and vice verse between English and Afrikaans in hopes of finally learning the language. So once I have translated the words, I would try to directly set them from the English way to the Afrikaans way and the result would be catastrophic which would mean that the Afrikaans is making sense at all because I have used English syntax from directly translating it.
- I then came to the conclusion that the best way I could've learned Afrikaans would've been if I spoke it more often and just generally try to understand it better unlike the method of learning that I was using.
- Which then led me to think about how I can learn javascript better because its a language itself, such as there are many ways to say the same thing in different languages, so are there many ways to use JavaScript to perform the same task.

## Creating strings using template literals
- This is a cleaner way of writing code, for example:
<const person = {
  name: "Zodiac Hasbro",
  age: 56
};>:
- say you have that code:

<const greeting = `Hello, my name is ${person.name}!
I am ${person.age} years old.`;>:
- And our output would be: 
[Hello, my, name is Zodiac Hasbro!] & [I am 56 years old.]

# Plan?
I plan on pushing some more with freeCodeCamp and hopefully cover enough with these remaining 2 days.