---
Layout:
Title:  endOfEs6
date:   2022-03-11
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
I came today with a different attitude because of last night.
- Last night I decided that should I watch YouTube videos of experienced developers and their journey in the industry and finally came across a title where developers say what they would do different if they could start over, what they would do different and all of them agree on the following:
- That instead of watching tutorial videos or rather an overload of tutorial videos to try and learn the language, I should do the most practical as we speak, I should begin applying the little I've learned and try do it without any help whatsoever, I should build something from scratch without help or obligation.

- So that really motivated me and gave me more energy to put into my learning because I was begininng to feel as if I'm just not that good at learning as I thought I was, I was constantly running to learning more typing because it was certainly easier and all of that was happening without me even realising it.
- The youtubers said that, like watching sports on tv, watching isn't the same as doing, and so you can watch all of it but as soon as you try do the same thing you saw in the sport, you'll suddenly realise that you don't know how to do it, and it pretty much is the same with coding.

# The Day?
Personally much more productive than the rest of the week and I've achieved a lot and felt that I reached a goal and I am actually progressing since I have finally managed to complete ES6. A good day indeed.

# What Did You Learn?
## The JavaScript Promise
- `let myPromise = new Promise(function(myResolve, myReject){
    
    myResolve();
    myReject();
});`
- So the code above is what I would call a subfunction or an if else function instead of a statement. A javascript promise takes a code and eats it and when that code is delicious(myResolve) or sour(myReject) then the promise will execute whatever code is set to execute base on the code it ate. That's how it works in a nutshell.
## Import & Exporting
- Sometimes we have to import code from our javascript so that it is used else where. Say I name my javaScript file as index.js:

- `export let numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4];`
- `import {numbers} from './index.js';`
## Regular Expressions
- The are basically patterns used to match character combinations in strings and they can also be objects.

# Plan?
My plan for the following week is to really push much more than I am used to and try get to at least 85% of javaScript in FCC done by the end of next week...