---
Layout:
Title:  jQuery
date:   2022-04-28
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
Since I completed bootstrap, I continued today with jQuery and also completed it because it is quite an easy topic that covers all 3 html, css & javaScript although it is a js topic.
- Njabulo then gave us some more work to do on the ATM project and wanted to add some more functions, and so after completing jQuery, I continued with the project at hand.

# The Day?
A smooth one, and I would say rather more productive due to less and less dosing off that I'm trying to get myself used to, although the project is not done and needs plenty of more work, and I did realize that I am particularly slow when it comes to the work, but I am improving.

# What Did You Learn?
## jQuery
- On all of the projects I've worked on so far, when linking the javaScript with the html, I usually do it at the end of the html page, however, for the first time with jQuery, it's linked at the beginning of the html page which would cause bugs but however, jQuery does this:

```
$(document).ready(function() {})
```

... somehow allows the html to still read the javaScript after the html.

- When it comes to targeting what to change within html, similarly to css, jQuery will use a period to target classes and a hash tag to target ids.

- With jQuery you can edit elements of html and css as well, like disabling certain elements or even giving them color using only jQuery.

- jQuery is zero indexed meaning that when counting its elements, you don't begin at one but rather begin at 0.

# Plan?
I am going to be doing more learning from the project since there's more stuff that may be more practically based that I'll be learning as I am trying to get the project right. I plan on continuing with the project tomorrow.