---
Layout:
Title:  Goal Achieved
date:   2022-03-02
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
Unlike most days, I managed to get plenty of progress today especially on FreeCodeCamp. So after completing the profile lookup, the tasks following it happened to not be as difficult and I saw myself flying through them because they were so easy. I also have to mention that today I came with the goal of wanting to complete the Basic Javascript section and I finally achieved it today.

# The Day?
Not as challenging as most. FreeCodeCamp teaches basic applications in a straight way however, you'll be given a task to apply all that you've learned and that's where the tough part comes, and it's usually a heads up to return and refer back to the sections you've already passed because quite frankly, you did not understand what was being taught. But today was filled with more teaching than applying on FreeCodeCamp.

# What Did You Learn?
## Using The conditional/ternary operator
- This operator is no different from if else code however, how the code is written is the difference and it also has a condition, code that runs as long as the condition is true, and code that will run when the condition is false.

## 'Fixing case'
- The final year students tasked us with an activity to create a function that returns a string where the first letter and only the first letter of the string is meant to be uppercase and the rest lowercase no matter how the initial input of the word is structured.
- So I had to outsource in order to be able to achieve the task by using the .charAct and the .slice functions, of which one will access whatever letter of that string and have any capability of changing that letter and the other will select one or multiple letters within that string and allow you to alter that or those characters.

# Plan?
The seniors are still giving some tasks to us and I want to participate so I can understand the language better, however, I am planning on moving forward with the tasks on FreeCodeCamp.