---
Layout:
Title:  RSVPjs
date:   2022-03-07
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
I woke up today with the goal of finishing ES6 however it been unfortunate that I couldn't meet that target today. This was due to the task we were given in the morning, to add Javascript to the RSVP we created late last month. The Javascript was meant to give use to the submit button when all the input values are submitted, the data/input values were all suppose to appear at the bottom of the page. Took me the entire day to figure it out.

# The Day?
I woke up energetic and ready to takle the day and I will not say that I didn't manage to do so, and so I did have a good Monday, a good start to the week and plenty of learning as usual.

# What Did You Learn?
## Reassigning values from arrays using destructuring
- Say we have a code:
<let c = 8, b = 4;>
So now we have to swap those variables' values and one might simply try to redefine them to make life easier, however, using destructuring, we would do this:
<[c, b] = [b, c];>
Which is indeed a destructuring way of assigning those values.

## Reassigning array elements using destructuring with the rest parameter
- Say we have an array:
<const arr = [1, 2, 3];>
- And we have to use destructuring to show only the last two indexes within the arrray. 
With the rest parameter, we can do this:
- <const [a, ...arr] = [1, 2, 3]
console.log(a)
console.log(arr)>
- and our outputs will be [1] & [2, 3] respectively.

# Plan?
Today it took the whole day to cover the little task I had to do in my RSVP and I still have outstanding work to do, so I plan on solving one problem at a time and get the RSVP done so I can push more in peace.
