---
Layout:
Title:  D3
date:   2022-08-02
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
Perhaps, from reading yesterday's blog post you could be asking yourself, shouldn't I be busy with the javaScript calculator?

- Well, I should be busy with the javaScript calculator, yes, however, I made a judgement call to try and see what is needed within the javaScript calculator and for the sake of my confidence, it had to be something easier than the drum machine so I could easily finish it and build back confidence however, when I saw the things that are required within the JS calculator, I made the conclusion that the drum machine is probably easier and also decided that, since this is the case, let me just go to the next topic for now and try and learn some more react, generally so I can come back more fit for the outstanding react projects.

- With all that being said, what happened today, is that I started with Data Visualisation with D3.

# The Day?
Today, unlike others, I gained some more confidence because D3 is not as challenging as I thought and I was able to think outside the box as well and apply my thinking.

- I personally thrive more and am happier when I can do things out of my own thinking than always asking for assistance, but that isn't to say that I don't ask for assistance when I have to.

# What Did You Learn?
## D3
- So from what I've learned, the purpose of D3 is to visualise data, however it uses many methods and manipulate data in a very creative way and also work in similar syntax to jQuery.

# Plan?
I would be finished with D3 tomorrow however, I will be teaming up with Akhona to try do more and more react as it is something that we're both struggling with right now, and it is compulsory for us to be able to master it.