---
Layout:
Title:  html&css
date:   2022-02-25
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
So I dedicated today as well to keep working on the RSVP form and complete it and I'm proud to say that I completed it even though it was not as easy as I thought but I managed to pull through. 
I did have a toothache encounter as well though, and even though it took about 10minutes of my time today, I still managed to pull through.

# The Day?
I have to say that it was a good one, although I almost began getting frustrated because I was struggling to find a solution when my radio input object was always on top of the label I set it next to. But I quickly managed to calm myself down and request for help.

# What did you learn?

- I created a form class and the card of the form and name it "fullcard" and I had an idea that if I could clone it and put it next to the first one, I'd have something nice. And so I placed them under a single parent div and gave the div a class that was supposed to put them next to eachother using the flexbox method that I made an example of yesterday. However, when i adjusted the whole window to test responsive-ness, chaos happened.

- I also learnt the inline block of the display property which gave me the solution to why my radios and checkboxes would be on top of their labels.

- I also learnt about the true purpose of the inspect function of the raspbian. I was able to spot why the radios and checkboxes where on top of their labels, which happen to be because they were inputs as well and since I had a whole direct input-tag property on my css to make their width a certain measure, even the radio and checkboxes inherited those measurements, and I found all of that all thanks to the inspect option.

# Plan?
From next week, I plan on carrying on with learning JavaScript, nothing below that and I plan on understanding it.