---
Layout:
Title:  Hardship of JS
date:   2022-02-28
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
Since we don't have another project or application assignment of what we've learned so far, I had to continue with the goal of finishing the Basic JavaScript subsection on FreeCodeCamp and again today, because of more tasks within the subsection, I could not attain this goal today.

# The Day?
I had a good day today, good day because I choose to not neccesarily dislike Monday but take it as just another day. In terms of dealing with frustration or dealing with a problem that I'm struggling with, I do feel as though that's been taken care of within myself because everytime I get stuck, I distract myself from the difficult task to cool down pressure and emotions so I remain cool headed to stand a good chance of coming with the solution. So with all that I do not see frustrating whole day ahead but rather worry of my pace and my self-evaluation after the day.

## What Did You Learn?
- do...while loops
    -So unlike while loops, think of electricity. So long as you have it you're able to run your personal computer as long as you have electricity coming into your house, however, as soon as you stop recieving that electricity, your PC will stop functioning by means of turning off because there no more electricity. So the "do" will be certain code that runs through. You can think of the "do" as the electricity.


- Replacing loops with Recursion
    -Personally I do have to admit that I do not understand recursion and alot of the stuff is not making any sense to me and when I asked one of the higher students to help me, even they had a tough time and I had to get creative and sort the problem myself. I've already made the decision to revisit Recursion.

# Plan?
Before I lay the plan out, I tend to forget to finish everything regarding the student tracker, so my mind tells me that I've done everything just because I manage through the commit process, Meaning that I always do the blog post but I forget to add the daily report. But I plan to stop making that mistake.
I am very concerned about my speed at learning.