---
Layout:
Title:  metTheLeaders
date:   2022-04-07
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
I've decided to title today's post 'met the leaders' simply because of what happened today.
- Mandla and Theo came and saw us today and gave us some words of encouragement and left me even more pumped up and ready to work some more and continue tackling the problems I come across day to day. It's always refreshing when, as someone who is starting out, to meet people who are further down the same path you just started to take, and that was the highlight of today overshadowing a whole day of some more freeCodeCamp and obstacle handling with the daily javaScript.

# The Day?
I can only say fulfilling and really uplifting as well because of the meeting the last two people responsible for this great opportunity.
I am honestly grateful.

# What Did You Learn?
## Yield Keyword
- While googling stuff to help me construct solutions, I came across a code that had a yield word and it was the first time ever seeing this. I unfortunately still don't understand what it means however google does say:
- Think of it as the 'return' keyword for normal functions but for generator functions this time and can only be called directly from the generator function that contains it.

# Plan?
I'm going to try delegate my time to research something my learning and thinking habits, and all of this will be done because of the words of Mandla Magagula and Theo Bohnen, otherwise we have to try complete the freeCodeCamp javaScript.