---
Layout:
Title:  Victory!!
date:   2022-04-13
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
I am finally done with javaScript on the freeCodeCamp which has been a very long struggle, its been quite crazy, but at last, we have won this battle, but the war goes on.

# The Day?
The day went well and even though I completed with js, I still do want to carry on with js on code wars and constantly work some more on upgrading my skill with javaScript

# What Did You Learn?
## Placing code properly
- Today I was made aware of something that I missed on the basic classes of javaScript and has been haunting me for the longest, and finally only learned today!
- I knew that javaScript is read by the system from top to bottom, but didn't keep in mind of how loops truly work.
- So I kept doing the mistake of returning a value with a function where the return would be within the particular if statement which would be under the for loop itself.
- With that placing, the function returns a value before the statement will be false, meaning it will return after the first iteration, and that will render whatever is returned, horribly wrong.

## Strings & Numbers
- One of the things I noted about javaScript today is the small differences of how it reads strings and numbers in a sense that even though a string might be a number string however its still not considered as an actual number.
- I reversed a number string trying to identify whether the numeral is a palindrome and even though the given string would be a numerical palindrome, when the string is reversed, even though it looks exactly the same as the original string, javaScript does not recognize it as the same but a completely different string.
- So I had to convert the reversed string and the original string to numbers and only then would I get the desired outcome.

# Plan?
For now, I want to carry on focus on code wars and do some more js on that platform and grow, and go back to freeCodeCamp next week because it will be a new chapter and why not start it in a good fresh new week?