---
Layout:
Title:  RSVPday2
date:   2022-03-08
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
This is another day that has gone completely unplanned for, I got here in the morning faced with Load Shedding until the generator was turned on at around a quarter to 9 in the morning. I planned on taking care of ES6 and finishing it however, we were given more request when it comes to adding to the RSVP on JavaScript and its been a whole day facing and handling that task. I had instances where my code would just stop working from minor and even tiny changes to the code and I wouldn't be able to spot those mistakes because they were so so tiny and minor. The RSVP basically took all my time for the day and although it was a titanic challenge according to my level, I did manage to pull through and cover some hard aspects of the task.

# The Day?
Its been a more instence day compared to the past week's days, and the RSVP is today's main reason of that. I spent plenty of answers on Google looking for the best answers and answers that I understand.

# What Did You Learn?
## Declaring Variables
- I learned only today that once a variable or variables are declared globally, when you want to use them within a function you don't redeclare them because JavaScript will complain an error and tell you that the variable has already been declared.

## JavaScript Behaviour
- I learned today if in JavaScript there is a single error in your code, the whole code is a crash and is rendered useless and will not work at all. Today within my JavaScript I made a tiny spelling mistake, very tiny and everything was broken and I didn't even know where to begin looking for my mistake.

## Inspection
- I learned that it is important to be able to use the inspection option especially the console because it is able to identify the problem with your code when you cannot spot it.

# Plan?
I am still not done with the work within the JavaScript and I do not want to multi-task between it and FreeCodeCamp because both require logic and thinking and research still on my side because everyday I am reminded that I am still learning the language, and so , I plan to finish with the given task on the RSVP before returning to FreeCodeCamp.