---
Layout:
Title:  ATM Day 2
date:   2022-04-29
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
Today was a whole dedicated day to improving the ATM project that we've been given, currently it can do more than what it could do yesterday and today we were given even more to do, where if a person wants to register an account, their information is suppose to be stored with the localStorage and they have to be able to access it and also mutate its balance, which is the basic withdraw and deposit functions. 
- I managed to get that done today, however, plenty of more work awaits me. So yes, today I focused on the ATM project the whole entire day.

# The Day?
It was a good confidence building day today, I do have to admit because people would actually ask for help from me and I even had to educate what I knew about local storage to one of my peers because they had never used it before, which was refreshing for me and confidence building.
- Another thing that I realized about myself today is that I do have a limitation to how much progress I can make before I subconsciously feel complacent where as, more work can be done, I think its another thing that I have to improve about myself.

# What Did You Learn?
## JSON.parse()
- When receiving data from a web server, the data is always a string. When you :

```
JSON.parse()
```

... you then convert that data to a Javascript object.

## JSON.stringify()
- This converts a javaScript object into a string

# Plan?
I plan on coming in on Monday to push some more freeCodeCamp since it will be a holiday, then continue with the task at hand on the normal day, Tuesday.