---
Layout:
Title:  ATM Day 3
date:   2022-05-03
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
Today I returned from a long weekend however, it was not necessarily a long weekeend for me because I decided to come in yesterday and work some more on my current tasks so I'll include what I did yesterday too.
- I came in during the morning to push more and I began with sass and focused to make sure I learn more and more about it. I took the decision to only work on freeCodeCamp yesterday seeing that I do not have the same amount of time during the day on a normal day only because of the project that we're currently focused on.
- Today I carried on with the ATM project and there is a lot of progress and I am truly proud of myself because of the progress that I've made today, although during the morning since I came in early, I finished with sass on freeCodeCamp.

# The Day?
The day has to be more fulfilling, especially in terms of progress that I've made and currently of what the ATM can do, however today was a blast mostly because of the touch-base that we had with Tanille and Moral today.
- Tanille was checking in on our progress while Moral was testing our knowledge based on the work we do and the whole session made me realize how much progress I've made and how I've succeeded in learning more and more about javaScript to the point where I am able to understand it the way I do, even though there still plenty to learn, but confidence is restored in me and that is a big win. 
- So Tanille went on longer to motivate us where we needed some motivation and made note of our progress. A good day indeed.

# What Did You Learn?
## SASS
- This is a topic that I began with yesterday and from what I've learned, sass is a more intelligent language of css, because there are while loops and for loops thrown in and say you have an element and you wish to pass over all the properties within it to another element:

```
.class{
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    color: red;
    width: 100%;
}

.classchild{
    @extend: .class;
    height: 100%;
}
```

With the code written above, the 'classchild' element will inherit all of the element 'class' properties.

# Plan?
I have to carry on with the ATM project and make sure that it's the best and for the first time in a while, I am actually confidence that I can do so.