---
Layout:
Title:  codeWars
date:   2022-03-31
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
Today I worked on code wars and tried to score more points and try and upgrade my skill when it comes to javaScript. I did not do as I planned today focusing on Code Wars, and also, I came across a certain problem with the Bluetooth software of the Raspbian device I use to do everything here at The Coding Grounds and so it took about 30 minutes of my day today because it required me to install Raspberry updates and stuff, and so I did all that using the terminal and was also a successful feat today.

# The Day?
I can say I had a successful day because of how good I feel after being able to solve some code without help or google. 
It's not that I want to memorize everything that I'm being taught when it comes to Javascript but, I really do want to know what to do and do it without too much assistance because I will finally be getting better with javaScript. I can read and understand everything that I have been taught so far but when it comes to applying it by myself, its a completely different story and I often don't even know where to begin. More and more practice on Code Wars is going to help me change all of that.

# What Did You Learn?
## Thinking Outside Box
Today I was stuck on a certain code where I had a function with parameters of which we were given values for those parameters but as part of the question.
- So with my understanding of the question, I knew an if statement is involved and of course I did what I thought and my if statement included the parameter and their values, and it was technically correct, however I would not pass the kata until an alumni, Wongani, helped me and he came with a mathematical solution to the  table, of which those parameters were meant to be manipulated and their values were not supposed to be involved.

# Plan?
I have to focus more on code wars, I am truly learning coding this way.