---
Layout:
Title:  ES6
date:   2022-03-03
Categories:

---

# What Happened?
I dedicate at aleast 30 minutes every morning to my typing skills and today, unlike everyday, while typing the seniors issued us with another task to create a function of which to complete this challenge I had to outsource outside FreeCodeCamp because I had not been taught this thing yet. Within just 30 minutes, the code was cracked!

# The Day?
Unlike the past 2-3 weeks on basicJavaScript, ES6 seems to be quite easy, unless of course I'm yet to pass an application task on ES6, however, so far so good and the day was just that much better. I also did a few challenges on Code Wars today to get some progress done and I would also have to say that the challenges on Code Wars aren't as difficult as I thought them to be.

# What Did You Learn?
## Modulo
- The task the seniors gave us today involved creating a function with 3 parameters of which we had to return a 'True' if the first parameter was divisable by the 2nd parameter without any remainders and if the first parameter was divisible by the 3rd without leaving any remainders, and anything otherwise should return a 'false'. The modulo is the part I had to outsource because it is to be part of the condition of which it is written, instead of 'parameter' we'll write a simple 'p': < p1 % p2 === 0 && p1 % p3 === 0 >...although that may seem like I want the product of the parameters to be zero, its actually saying that there should be no remainders.

## var vs let
- To declare a variable in Javascript we use var, let and others however we'll just focus on that two for now. 'var' will declare a variable globally even if you declare it within a function and that can be problematic in the long run when we code. So the best practice is to declare a variable using 'let' because when it is declared within a function, it is declared locally meaning that outside the function, that variable will not have any effect unlike if the same variable was declared with 'var'.

## Arrays declared with Const are mutable
- To declare something using const usually makes it impossible to redefine or even modify. However, with arrays its not the same.

## 'Object.freeze' function
- Since arrays are mutable even when declared using 'const' the 'Object.freeze' is a function that can prevent that from happening.

# Plan?
Tomorrow, I plan to continue with ES6, to at least reach a 15 - 20% progress on FreeCodeCamp and when that goal is achieved, I plan to try and rank up some more on Code Wars, nothing less.